The colors of nature are many if they are beautiful
but how can we learn to organize these villagers
and mixing our partner
if we confuse
let's see
when the sunlight goes through the tiny raindrops
Each drop of water acts as
iron before lanús in the colors of the spectrum
and a rainbow forms
at one end of doing legal
you can see the theft
and at the other end it becomes
under ordinary conditions
Infrared and ultraviolet rays
they can not be seen
for the purpose of creating color systems
we join the ends of this rainbow
to form
the two most known color systems are the trial
and the monsoon
the trial system and therefore the most famous
and it consists of a wheel
includes three original colors
called
primary
the blue
and the yellow
these colors are mixed together
to achieve the three nuances
according to the law
the theft mixes with the yellow
to achieve a nuance
the yellow
mixes with blue
to achieve a nuance
yesterday to the south it is mixed with the robbery
to get violet mathis
we mix the secondary nuances
with the primary ones there before
to get tertiary nuances
if we mix red and orange
we get an orange hue
or what is the same thing an impetus
the orange is mixed with the yellow
and it comes out
a nuance
yellow
the yellow with the Medellin
to get a yellow with green hues
the green with the subject
it's over
at your level 2 or
lose to your side
so
with blue and violet holds
a nuance asur rape
violet and theft form a theft nuance
the colors that directly oppose
the wheel is called blue colors
the red and the green
the violet and the yellow
it is important to note
that the results of the mixtures
depend on the propulsion of the amount of pigna
if they are included every month
the result will also depend
of the brand and the color grade that you buy
while in the engraving museum
stronger will be
the color pigmentation
at the beginning of the 20th century
when the first attempts at color printing were made
it was discovered
that all the colors could not be printed
with the primary
red yellow and blue a more advanced color system hegel created by
Alberto Monsalvo in the year 1900
and later used by Portuguese
with the 1920
the system of colors
the follow was used
river 2 oct
the yellow
i the mayan theater a rape robbery
this same matisse are used in modern printers
that are used with computers
the rue ramón sáenz
set nuances that look the same distance
one of others
unlike the triad system
where you can notice that nuances give unequal jumps
one of others
and there is no smooth transition
between shades
Another advantage of the system is that the complementary colors are more
exact the orange
with the blue
the yellow
with the blue rape the theft with him will go away
or its greenish
the violet
with yellowish green
and the robinson violet
with the green
a complementary color is a visual phenomenon
that's when a color looks at you
for 30 seconds or more
and then look towards a surface
of another color
and there you will see the complementary
with relative clarity
let's see
if you observe this said marino for 30 seconds games
will occur the induction to which I refer
do not change your look
keep looking at the yellow
the yellow color
Complements the color violet on its side
and when you look at it with some care
start throwing on your neighbor
this color
if disk life persists
will begin to see its complementary
the violet color by his side
in some places vibrating around the disc marín
now look at this white screen
here you will see the complementary color of yellow
josé a
the bluish violet
with more clarity
for a few seconds
this phenomenon is called successive image
a colour
induces on the neighboring maquis
your own complementary
if the surface had been of another color
if I had optically mixed the violet blue
with that color
during French impressionism
in the second half of the 19th century
this phenomenon of migration was used extensively
especially in pointillism
the color has three properties
the mathis
the value or tone
and the intensity little more
So far we have talked about color as if it had only one property
a theft
a greenish yellow
unasur
Be the color shade
but the color also has
rated as tone
little more intensity